Cat's dream
There was a cat . His dream is be a lion.for his dream .The cat had been study so many years lion language .And then he decide go Africa find lion .

The cat walked a few days. Finally he meet pride.He approached lion, use the most standard lion language and very fluent say:hello everyone, I am a new lion in there. Do you know any interesting place to go to near here?

Lion look the small cat few times, suddenly lauths loudly. Small cat was angry.And then he ran off wagging its tail.On the back home 's plane, small have a amazing plan.Hewant use fluent zebra language make zebra  faint. Take faint zebra to the pride that make they belive he is a real lion.

When small cat learned zebra language, he went to Africa again.And then he find a zebra, He use fluent zebra language said: hello Mr.zebra! Today is so beautiful,the bird are singing,the tree is dancing with the wind.Oh,Today is very nice !

The zebra was very surprised .Because he see a cat speak fluent language.That make zebra fainted. So the cat  can easily put him into the lions said:The lion brothers! Come on and see this strong lion bring us what ? Meow~  sorry...Roar~!!
The lions never expected that I small lion can bring so big zebra, only the big lion can do it.

So that summer small cat do the samething every day. Find a zebra and then use normal and fluent zebra language talk with them.And then took him to the lions. Not so long , he become the leader of the group of lions, his dream came ture!

One day ,small cat find zebra as usual. But this time he open his mouth suddenly with a perfect zebra cat said: You are the zebra language cat ,right ? The zebra divil.story, but you catch my brother half years ago. That day I decide I must study cat language revenge you ! Most of the zebra doesn't believe you are true, but half a year ago I saw you caught my brother! So I studied cat language.That day, I must revenge!

See a zebra is fluent cat language make cat very surprised,that he was not aware of zerbra want kick him.

When he wake up , the kitten 's head very pain. And forget how to speak the zebra language and zebra language.
 
Now the small cat can only write the poor story with English. Meow ~

 
斑马：zebra
狮子：lion
狮群：pride
非洲：Africa
魔鬼：devil
尾巴：tail
摇动：wag

以至于：so that
报复：revenge
接近：approach
突然：suddenly
大笑：lauths loudly