一、到与得到
到  dao4
我要到北京去  I will go "to" Beijing
我要到东京去  I'm going "to" Tokyo.
你到站了吗？  Have you "arrived" at the station
你到哪去了？  Where have you been?


得到 de2  dao4
1.你将得到酬劳   You will be remunerated
2.亚军会得到一箱葡萄酒  The runners-up will "receive" a case of wine
3.如何得到认证？ How to "get" certified


二、差不多与左右
差不多  cha4  bu0 duo1
1.你完成作业了吗？ 差不多完成了    Have you finished your homework? Almost finished.
2.这些人和Ning的爸爸年纪差不多     These men are approximately the same age as Ning's father

左右  zuo3  you4
1.我准备在东京住三天 I'll be staying for about three days in tokyo.
2.一个10岁左右的男孩 I boy of about ten

马马虎虎  ma3  hu1
1.我总是马马虎虎的  I am so careless
2.最近怎么样？马马虎虎(so-so)
3.我仅能勉强说点英语  I can only speak English after a fashion

2016年2月21日 10:19:44
Janurary  一月
February 二月
March 三月
April 四月
May 五月
June 六月
July 七月
August 八月
September 九月
October 十月
November 十一月
December 十二月
temperature  温度
Reflection

A few days ago I found a good way to study. Changing my learning environment.

When I am at home my parents quarrel every day, and under my house there are so many cars. So much noise. But in the school library I can study. There are have so many people studying. The library makes me have a sense of crisis. I always feel I am in a competition when i am in the library, so studying in the library is very efficient for me.

I used to like writing notes. I was taking notes all time when I was in class. But it helped me only a little. First, I wrote notes all time. Second, I never reviewed them. I spent less time thinking about what the teacher said. And then I drew so much ink on my book. Actually, it did not help me. When an exam was coming I fed the book is all in ink. I needed to start at the book ’s first page and go to last page. That distracted my heart. So I need to review and spend more time to think what the teacher said. Reduce input, increase output. Think more examples rather than passive acceptance.

Finally, I need to convert the meaningless to the meaningful in my head, make it links, and build a large building in my head and fill it with my memories.


Require:You buy a phone. but now it's down. So need write a message to the phone shop.

In early May. I bought a iphone6s in your shop.And the second week. The phone is down by thatself. I had been service twice. But it still down .I can't use it make a phone call. And I can't use it serf the internet.Could you plese give a new phone?

Sincerely yours
Tony

Require:You buy a bphone9s at may. but now it's broken. So you need write a message to the mobile phone shop at 2017-6-17



June 17, 2016
Dear shop mannager
In early may. I bought a new iphone9s in your shop.I spent $500 on bphone9s.But now  it's broken. The camera can't see anything.So I can't take a picture.And then I can't connect wifi. I try it so many times. I tried not only at home.I tried everywhere.But not work.So I can't visit qq/skype/faceook. I had a cow I had been service twice in this month.But now it's still broken.Oh my god. Save me.Could you please give me a new one or refund today?

Sincerely yours
Tony

手机店 mobile phone shop /cell phone store
退款   refund
忠实于您 Sincerely yours
投诉信 complaint

Thanks for reading.o(∩_∩)o 


Require:You buy a bphone9s at may. but now it's broken. So you need write a message to the 

mobile phone shop at 2017-6-17


Complaint to smartphone supplier
June 17, 2017
Dear shop mannager
In early may. I bought a new iphone9s in your shop.I spent $500 on bphone9s.But now 
it's broken. The camera can't see anything.So I can't take a picture.And then I can't connect wifi. I try it so many times. I tried not only at home.I tried everywhere.But not work.So I can't visit qq/skype/faceook. I had a cow I had been service twice in this month.But now it's still broken.Oh my god. Save me.Could you please give me a new one or refund today?

Sincerely yours
Tony

手机店 mobile phone shop /cell phone store
退款 refund
忠实于您 Sincerely yours
投诉信 complaint

Could you write a nice titie for me?
Thanks for reading.o(∩_∩)o

在五月初，我在你的商店花了500$买了一个全新的BPhone9s.但现在它坏了，摄像头看不到任何东西。所以我不能照照片。然后wifi也连不上。我试了很多次。不仅在家试，还在外边试了。但还是连不上。所以访问不了QQ、skype、facebook。 我很生气，因为我这个月都修两次了。但是现在它还是坏的。老天你快来拯救我把。今天您能给我换个新的或者退款吗？

忠实于您
Tony