今天是总结修改过后的3个作文，以及要写一个新的作文 
1.why i always forget word
Why do I always forget words?

Some words I always write wrong./There are some words I always write incorrectly. I can‘t remember whatthat they mean and hardly use it them. Like assemble,aspect，provoke,period./For instance, 'assemble', 'aspect', 'provoke', and 'period'. I can't remember them because I don't know understand what they mean. And my patience need update. So I need to spend more time on it. I need to work on my patience and I need to spend more time on learning them. Maybe make a word card can help me. Maybe write many times can help me. Maybe making flashcards will help me. Maybe writing them out a number of times will help me. All in all I am lazy./But the problem is that I am lazy.






2.How study

A few days ago I found a new way to remember words. Spacing my learning sessions apart and varying the settings in which learning takes place. My friends always like to write notes. But it's not useful. why? Because they don't really think about it. (Me too 'not natural') I am the same way. I write too many notes. I Never recall them.So I need to studyand review.

I Try to make some links in my head. I Try to use remember words that are important (I'm not quite sure 我不记得。 用中文怎么收？) influence in my head. It's amazing ,laughing, hateful words will be hard forget. Trying to change pointless things into something better is rewarding.Sometimes I think i already know it. Actually I don't know or I just know for a few minutes.What I really know... I think I really know it's know it it's forever and it can help you/ merecall and be useful. 
 

Hope this helps




3.reflection

Hi Tony. Don't forget a 'space' after periods and commas. If you have any questions about my corrections, let me know. - Jason

Reflection

A few days ago I found a good way to study. Changing my learning environment.

When I am at home my parents quarrel every day, and under my house there are so many cars. So much noise. But inthe school library I can study. There are have so many people studying. The library makes me have a sense of crisis. I always feel I am in a competition when i am in the library, so studying in the library is very efficient for me.

I used to like writing notes. I was taking notes all time when I was in class. But it helped me only a little. First, Iwrote notes all time. Second, I never reviewed them. I spent less time thinking about what the teacher said. And then I drew so much ink on my book. Actually, it did not help me. When an exam was coming I fed the book is all in ink. I needed to start at the book ’s first page and go to last page. That distracted my heart. So I need to review and spend more time to think what the teacher said. Reduce input, increase output. Think more examples rather than passive acceptance.

Finally, I need to convert the meaningless to the meaningful in my head, make it links, and build a large building in my head and fill it with my memories.



incorrectly  不正确的

patience   耐心

session  会话
reward  奖励
recall  回忆
environment 环境
quarrel   争吵

library 图书馆

convert 转换

meaningless 无意义

meaningful 有意义

large 巨大的

review 回忆

distract  分心

short passage 小短文

composition 作文

diary  日记

Diary
今天是我第四天写小短文，前三天写的都很一般，首先整个短文的构思没有逻辑，没有中心思想，像僵尸一样。其次是单词不会写，上个月我背了600单词，每天复习100，坚持了30天，但是我发现我只认识他们，但我写作文的时候就记不起来了，这是一个很严重的问题。最后就是语法问题，每次写都有好多语法错误，也许我应该再加强下语法。

This is the forth day i write short passage. Last three days I write very bad. First reason is setence not good, don't have luoji and don't have center mind like zambie. And then is I don't know how to write world. Last month I remember 600 words. Review words 100 everyday. I insisit 30 days,  but I can't use it at composition. That's is a serious problem. The last question is grammer. I write wrong so much times. May be I need stranger my grammer.

今天是我写小作文的第四天，前三天写的很不好，所以今天要反思一下
Day4：Reflect
    Today is the fourth day that I write short composition.The first three days of write was very bad.So I need reflect myself today .
    First of all，My composition idea is not logical and it don't have clou. Like zombie. And then I could not write high level words and sentence. But last month I remember 600+ words , I review it everyday.To today has insisted 30 day.I know them 's mean .But when i write composition i can't remember that.Maybe I don't know them or I know them few minute.This is a serious question.The last question is grammer.I wrote wrong so many times.I should update my grammer level.

     
第四天：the forth day
反思：reflect
句子：setence
语法:grammer
僵尸：zombie