Cat's dream
There was a cat. His dream is to be a lion.The cat had been study so many years lion language.Then he decided to go to Africa to find lions.

The cat walked a few days. Finally he met lions.He approached lions, use the most standard lion language and very fluent say:hello everyone, I am a new lion. Do you know any interesting place to go to near here?

Lion look at the small cat few times, suddenly laughed loudly. Small cat was very angry.Then he ran off wagging its tail.On the back home 's plane, small cat had a very amazing plan.He wanted to use fluent zebra language to make zebra faint. Take faint zebra to the pride that making they believed he is a real lion.

When small cat had learned to speak zebra language.He went to Africa again.And then he found a zebra used fluent and normal zebra language said: hello Mr.zebra! Today is so beautiful,the bird had been singing,the tree is dancing with the wind.Oh！It's such a nice day today!

The zebra was very surprised that he saw a cat speak fluent language.That made zebra  fainted. So the cat can easily put him into the lions said:The lion brothers! Come on and see this strong lion brought us what? Meow~ sorry...Roar~!!
The lions never expected that I small lion can bring so big zebra, only the big lion can do it.

So that summer the small cat did the always do the same thing that summer. Find a zebra and then use normal and fluent zebra language talk with them.Then took him to the lions. Not so long, he became the leader of the group of lions.So his dream came true!

One day,small cat found zebra as usual.Nevertheless this time he opened his mouth suddenly with a perfect zebra cat said: You are zebra language cat,right? Zebra 's devil.Nonetheless you catch my brother half years ago.On that day I decided that I must study cat language for revenge you! Most of the zebra doesn't believe you are true, but half a year ago I saw you caught my brother! So I studied cat language.That day, I must revenge!

Zebra's fluent cat language made small cat very surprised,that he was not aware of zebra wanted to kick him.

When he woke up, the kitten 's head very pain. And forget how to speak the zebra language and zebra language.

Now the small cat can only write the poor story with English.

met   meet的过去式
wanted want的过去式